org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testDefaultTransactionType
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest editingSplit_shouldNotSetAmountToZero
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testEditingTransferAccountOfMultiCurrencyTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testAddTransactionShouldRequireAmount
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testToggleTransactionType
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest shouldHideParentAccountViewWhenNoParentsExist
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testLegacyIntentTransactionRecording
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.MultiBookTest testCreateNewBook
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testIntentAccountCreation
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.FirstRunWizardActivityTest shouldRunWizardToEnd
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.FirstRunWizardActivityTest shouldDisplayFullCurrencyList
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.ExportTransactionsTest testCreateBackup
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testDuplicateTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest should_IncludeFutureTransactionsInAccountBalance
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testAddTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.PieChartReportTest testSpinner
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testCreateAccount
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testSearchAccounts
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.PieChartReportTest testNoData
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testAddMultiCurrencyTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.MultiBookTest shouldOpenBookManager
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest shouldShowWizardOnFirstRun
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest editingAccountShouldNotDeleteTransactions
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.PieChartReportTest testSelectingValue
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testDeleteAccountMovingSubaccounts
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testSplitEditor
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testDeleteAccountWithSubaccounts
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testDeleteTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.MultiBookTest creatingNewAccounts_shouldCreatedNewBook
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest openingAndSavingMultiCurrencyTransaction_shouldNotModifyTheSplits
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testMoveTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testChangeParentAccount
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testOpenTransactionEditShouldNotModifyTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.OwnCloudExportTest OwnCloudCredentials
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest testEditTransaction
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.CalculatorEditTextTest testShowingHidingOfCalculatorKeyboard
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.AccountsActivityTest testEditAccount
org.gnucash.android.test.ui.TransactionsActivityTest editingTransferAccount_shouldKeepSplitAmountsConsistent
