de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetLockscreenButtons
de.test.antennapod.dialogs.ShareDialogTest testShareDialogCancelButton
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorPrompt
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testDrawerPreferencesHideCurrentElement
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testContinuousPlayback
de.test.antennapod.ui.SpeedChangeTest testChangeSpeedServiceNotRunning
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupClassic
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupQueueOnly
de.test.antennapod.ui.SpeedChangeTest testChangeSpeedPaused
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testDeleteRemovesFromQueue
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testBluetoothReconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorGoToPage
de.test.antennapod.dialogs.ShareDialogTest testShareDialogDisplayed
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testFastForwardChange
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEnablePersistentPlaybackControls
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSwitchTheme
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupNumDays
de.test.antennapod.ui.QueueFragmentTest testSortEmptyQueue
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testDrawerPreferencesHideAllElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testHeadPhonesDisconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCache
de.test.antennapod.ui.FeedSettingsTest testClickFeedSettings
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCacheMin
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorDefault
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetSequentialDownload
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetUpdateInterval
de.test.antennapod.ui.TextOnlyFeedsTest testMarkAsPlayedList
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testBackButtonBehaviorGoToPageSelector
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetParallelDownloads
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEpisodeCleanupNeverAlg
de.test.antennapod.ui.QueueFragmentTest testLockEmptyQueue
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testAutoDelete
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testDrawerPreferencesHideSomeElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.VideoplayerActivityTest testStartActivity
de.test.antennapod.ui.QueueFragmentTest testKeepEmptyQueueSorted
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testEnqueueLocation
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorOpenDrawer
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testPauseForInterruptions
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testRewindChange
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSwitchThemeBack
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testAddFeed
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testDrawerPreferencesUnhideSomeElements
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetParallelDownloadsInvalidInput
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testDisableUpdateInterval
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testAutomaticDownload
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testSetEpisodeCacheMax
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testClickNavDrawer
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testHeadPhonesReconnect
de.test.antennapod.ui.SpeedChangeTest testChangeSpeedPlaying
de.test.antennapod.ui.MainActivityTest testBackButtonBehaviorDoubleTap
de.test.antennapod.ui.NavigationDrawerTest testGoToPreferences
de.test.antennapod.ui.PreferencesTest testPlaybackSpeeds
