de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest testBackNavigation
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest clickTrainSignsPassiveButton
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest testAllMenuItemsArePresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest clickAboutSignsButton
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest clickTrainSignsActiveButton
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.MainActivityTest clickBrowseSignsButton
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.about_signs.AboutSignsTest checkWebViewHtmlIsProperlyRendered
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.about_signs.AboutSignsTest checkWebViewIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadReturnsList
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadWithStarredOnlyReturnsCorrectResult
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testUpdateChangesStarred
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testUpdateChangesLearningProgress
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadWithNameLocaleDeReturnsSingleResult
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testCreatedSignEqualsInsertedSign
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadRandomSignReturnsNonNullValue
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadRandomSignReturnsSignsOrderedByLearningProgress
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testDuplicateSignViolatesTableConstraint
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testUpdateThrowsExceptionOnIllegalId
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadWithTagLocalDeReturnsResults
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testDelete
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadWithIllegalNameLocaleDeReturnsNoResult
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testGetRandomSignDoesNotRetrieveAnyOfTheLastFiveSigns
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.DbHelperTest testReadRandomSignReturnsNotTheCurrentSign
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.database.SignParcelableTest testParcelableIsImplementedCorrect
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkNavigationDrawerButtonIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkNavigationDrawerIsClosed
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkToolbarIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkClickingOnSignNameNavigatesToVideoView
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSignHasStarredInformation
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSignRecyclerViewIsDisplayed
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkTogglingStarredSignsWorks
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSignStarredInformationCanBePersisted
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSignRecyclerViewHasListElements
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSignBrowserIsDisplayedOnAppStartup
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkSearchIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkToggleStarredButtonsIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.SignBrowserTest checkClickingOnVideoIconNavigatesToVideoView
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkNavigatingToVideosAndReturningViaBackButtonWorks
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkSearchStringsCanIncludeLeadingOrTrailingSpaces
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkSearchingForTagsWorks
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkToolbarTitleIsEmpty
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkNavigatingToVideosAndReturningWorks
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkStarredButtonIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.search.SignSearchTest checkSearchingForSignsWorks
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkUpButtonNavigatesToSignBrowser
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkVideoResumesPlayingAfterOrientationChange
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkBackButtonNavigatesToSignBrowser
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkManualBackButtonNavigatesToSignBrowser
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkVideoIsLoadingAndPlaying
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkOrientationChangeDoesNotCauseIllegalStateException
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkManualBackButtonNavigatesToSignBrowserInLandscapeOrientation
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_browser.video.SignVideoTest checkToolbarTitle
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkNavigationDrawerButtonIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkNavigationDrawerIsClosed
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkToolbarIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkSignTrainerIsWorkingCorrectly
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkQuestionTextIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerActiveTest checkAnswerButtonsAreNotPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkNavigationDrawerButtonIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkNavigationDrawerIsClosed
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkToolbarIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkSignTrainerIsWorkingCorrectly
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkQuestionTextIsPresent
de.lebenshilfe_muenster.uk_gebaerden_muensterland.sign_trainer.SignTrainerPassiveTest checkAnswerButtonsAreNotPresent
