com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestDeleteActionValidation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PatternsOrderedAlphabetically
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLogWithScreenRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestUpdateActionValidation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestUpdate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLog
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestDeleteChecked
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestCheckingPersistsWithRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLogRepeatedNumber
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestAddPattern
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestAddPatternWithExtraChars
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest EditAPatternShouldWork
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterSerializationTest SerializationTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestSaveAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestUsedNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestRotationWithEmptyText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestButtonFilterPatterns
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestDynamicStateOnRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest AfterUpdatingTheRulePatternsTheRuleShouldSaveWhenActivityIsLeft
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestChangeActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestEmptyNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestActionOnCreating
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestDeleteActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestUndoAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestChangeAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteRuleWhenUsedShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestSelectFromListOfExisting
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestActions
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFilterRuleTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestEmptyNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestSingleDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestSaveAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestRotationWithEmptyText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestUsedNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestActionOnCreating
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestParcelable
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestChangeActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestAllDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestNoDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkDisplay
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testStartServiceWhenInBackground
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testCallsBroadcastReceiver
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkThatTurningOnServiceChangesText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkStatusOfService
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testContactResolverDoesNotThrow
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestActions
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestDeleteAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestAutoSaveAfterPatternsUpdate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestChangeAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestSelectFromListOfExisting
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestUndoAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestDeleteRuleWhenUsedShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest NewFilterTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest CreateAndSelectNewFilterRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest ChangeActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest PickActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest DeleteActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest CreateAndSelectNewCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest SelectFilterTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest UndoActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest NavigateUpIsContextSensitive
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest EditTheCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest EditTheFilterRule