com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testContactResolverDoesNotThrow
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testStartServiceWhenInBackground
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkThatTurningOnServiceChangesText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest testCallsBroadcastReceiver
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkStatusOfService
com.prismaqf.callblocker.CallBlockerManagerTest checkDisplay
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFilterRuleTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest PickActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest SelectFilterTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest EditTheCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest DeleteActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest UndoActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest NavigateUpIsContextSensitive
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest NewFilterTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest CreateAndSelectNewCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest CreateAndSelectNewFilterRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest EditTheFilterRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.EditFiltersTest ChangeActionTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterCreationTest CreationTestWithDefaults
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterCreationTest ParcelableTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterCreationTest CreationTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterRuleParcelTest TestParcelable
com.prismaqf.callblocker.FilterSerializationTest SerializationTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLogWithScreenRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLog
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestAddPattern
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestUpdate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestAddPatternWithExtraChars
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest EditAPatternShouldWork
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest SmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestDeleteActionValidation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestUpdateActionValidation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestCheckingPersistsWithRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PatternsOrderedAlphabetically
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest PickFromLogRepeatedNumber
com.prismaqf.callblocker.ManageFilterPatternsTest TestDeleteChecked
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestUsedNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestChangeActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestSaveAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestEmptyNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestSingleDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestNoDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestActionOnCreating
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestParcelable
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestAllDays
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewCalendarRuleTest TestRotationWithEmptyText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestUsedNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestChangeActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestSaveAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestEmptyNameShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestButtonFilterPatterns
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestDynamicStateOnRotation
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestActionOnCreating
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest AfterUpdatingTheRulePatternsTheRuleShouldSaveWhenActivityIsLeft
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestDeleteActionMissingOnCreate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.NewFilterRuleTest TestRotationWithEmptyText
com.prismaqf.callblocker.RebootReceiverTest testIdleServiceWillNotStart
com.prismaqf.callblocker.RebootReceiverTest testRunningServiceWillStartOnBoot
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteRuleWhenUsedShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestDeleteAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestChangeAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestUndoAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestActions
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateCalendarRuleTest TestSelectFromListOfExisting
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestDeleteRuleWhenUsedShouldFlag
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestDeleteAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestChangeAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestUndoAction
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestAutoSaveAfterPatternsUpdate
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestActions
com.prismaqf.callblocker.UpdateFilterRuleTest TestSelectFromListOfExisting
com.prismaqf.callblocker.actions.ActionsTest testActionRegistry
com.prismaqf.callblocker.actions.ActionsTest constructActionGivenDescription
com.prismaqf.callblocker.actions.ActionsTest testAvailableActions
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest InsertAndTestFilterRules
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest dbSmokeTest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest InsertAndTestFilters
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestPurgeServiceRunLogOneWeek
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestPurgeServiceRunLogOneYear
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestAllFilterNames
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestFindAndUpdateFilterRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestAllCalendarRuleNames
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestDeleteFilterByName
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest CalendarRuleCheckTimeStamp
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest InsertFilterUniqueNameKey
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestDeleteFilterRuleById
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest LoggedCallsLatest
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestDeleteFilterById
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest InsertCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest UpdateCalendarRule
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestPurgeServiceRunLogOneMonth
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest GetLatestServiceRunWhenTableIsNotEmpty
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest LoggedCallCheckTimeStamp
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestPurgeServiceRunLogOneDay
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestAllFilterRuleNames
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest ServiceRunsInsertRow
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestRecordWhenStartStoppingTheService
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest GetLatestServiceRunWhenTableIsEmpty
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest RetrieveCalendarRules
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestFindAndUpdateFilter
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestDeleteFilterRuleByName
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest MakeRuleFromSql
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest TestPurgeServiceRunLogNoLimit
com.prismaqf.callblocker.sql.DbHelperTest LoggedCallsInsertRows
