org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests changeVolume
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests keepExpandedOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests downControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests progressionUpdaterStartedAfterPlay
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleGenreOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromMusicVideo
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests selectPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.KodiPreV17Tests infoControlPadButtonLongClickTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests setActionBarTitleVideo
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests contextControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests restorePlaylistAfterStopAndConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleAlbumOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests osdControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests pausePlayback
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests setActionBarTitleMain
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests keepCollapsedOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelTitleTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests osdControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests setActionBarTitleAlbum
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests contextControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelButtonsMusicVideoTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelButtonsMoviesTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests rightControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests setVolume
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests leftControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests setActionBarTitle
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests keepPlaylistOnStop
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests showArrowWhenSelectingListItem
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests backControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests showHamburgerInInitialState
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests setActionBarTitleOnSeasonList
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleMusicVideoOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests restorePlaylistAfterConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests setShuffleButtonState
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests showHamburgerInInitialState
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests restoreShuffleButtonStateOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests setActionBarTitleGenre
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests infoControlPadButtonLongClickTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelButtonsRepeatModes
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests restoreRepeatButtonStateOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests showHamburgerWhenSelectingListItemAndReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnArtistOnReturningFromAlbum
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreHamburgerOnConfigurationChangeOnReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests showLastActivePlaylist
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests setActionBarTitleMain
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromMovie
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests selectPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests setProgression
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests keepPlaylistOnPause
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests setActionBarTitleOnNextEpisode
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests showHamburgerInInitialState
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests showHamburgerWhenSelectingListItemAndReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests setActionBarTitleMain
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleSeasonListOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelButtonsMusicTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests upControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests infoControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests showHamburgerInInitialState
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests restoreProgressOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromMovie
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleArtistOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests showArrowWhenSelectingListItem
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests showHamburgerWhenSelectingListItemAndReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests pauseSetProgressionPlay
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests restoreArrowOnConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromArtist
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests showHamburgerWhenSelectingListItemAndReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleSeasonListEpisodeOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests setActionBarTitleOnSeasonListEpisode
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests panelButtonsShuffleTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromAlbum
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests infoControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests continueProgressionAfterSwitchingActivity
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.eventserver.ButtonTests rightControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests clearPlaylistWhenClearedOnKodi
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests restoreHamburgerOnConfigurationChangeOnReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests restoreHamburgerOnConfigurationChangeOnReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests leftControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests stopPlayingAndResumeNextItem
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.movies.MoviesActivityTests setActionBarTitle
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests setActionBarTitleArtist
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests setActionBarTitleMain
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests restoreArrowOnConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests showArrowWhenSelectingListItem
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.playlistfragment.TCP.PlaylistTests showCurrentlyPlayingPlaylist
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests downControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests restoreVolumeIndicatorOnRotate
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.addons.AddonsActivityTests showArrowWhenSelectingListItem
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreHamburgerOnConfigurationChangeOnReturn
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests showPanelWhenUserEnablesPanel
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests infoControlPadButtonLongClickTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests setActionBarTitle
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests upControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleOnReturningFromGenre
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.KodiPreV17Tests infoControlPadButtonLongClickTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.MusicActivityTests restoreArrowOnConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.remote.controlpad.http.ButtonTests backControlPadButtonTest
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreActionBarTitleNextEpisodeOnConfigurationStateChanged
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.tvshows.TVShowsActivityTests restoreArrowOnConfigurationChange
org.xbmc.kore.tests.ui.music.SlideUpPanelTests disableShowingPanelInPreferences
