ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ATtsTest aVoiceSelectionTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest copyTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.SearchTest patternSearchWithFavoriteTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest integrationTest1
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ScreenshotTest takeDarkScreenshotsTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest integrationTest2
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest sharePatternTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest wotdNotificationPrioritySelectionTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest openWotdListTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareFavoritesTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest cleanLayout2Test
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest cleanLayout1Test
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.SearchTest patternSearchTooManyResultsTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareWotdTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntenthUserQueryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ScreenshotTest takeLightScreenshotsTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.FavoritesTest exportTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.DictionaryRouterTest onTextRouted
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onCreatehViewQueryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntentViewDictionaryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntentSendTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest randomWordTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest themeTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareRandomWordTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onCreateViewDictionaryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.SearchTest searchHistoryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntentViewRhymerTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ATtsTest pauseTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest sharePoemTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareRhymesTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest sharePopupTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.PoemSaveTest saveTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntenthViewQueryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareThesaurusTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest copyCleanLayoutTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.PoemTest exportAudioTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onCreateViewRhymerTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onCreateViewThesaurusTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ATtsTest voiceSpeedTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onCreateSendTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareFilteredThesaurusTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.SearchTest patternSearchTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ThesaurusRouterTest onTextRouted
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntentViewThesaurusTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.PoemTest testWordCount
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest wotdNotificationPriorityEnabledTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ATtsTest voicePitchTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.FavoritesTest importTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.ShareTest shareDictionaryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntentTest onNewIntentQueryTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.SearchTest searchSuggestionsTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest wotdNotificationTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.FavoritesTest favoritesTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.PoemTest testLookupSetting
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest saveFilterTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.PoemTest lookupFromPoemTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.IntegrationTest openAboutScreenTest
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RhymerRouterTest onTextRouted
ca.rmen.android.poetassistant.main.RandomWordTest wotdNotificationPriorityPresenceTest
